Add Celery support (#31)
judoscale/judoscale-python: sample-apps/celery_sample/README.md

# Celery Sample App

This is a minimal Flask app for testing Celery with the judoscale-python package.

## Prerequisites

- Python 3.8+
- [Poetry 1.3+](https://python-poetry.org/)
- Node
- [Heroku CLI](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/heroku-cli)
- Redis

## Set up the app

```
$ poetry install
```

This will install the dependencies, including `judoscale-python` as a [path dependency](https://python-poetry.org/docs/dependency-specification/#path-dependencies).

## Run the app

Run `bin/dev` to run the app in development mode. This will run `heroku local`, which starts:

- a [tiny proxy server](https://github.com/judoscale/judoscale-adapter-proxy-server) that adds the `X-Request-Start` request header so we can test request queue time reporting; and
- the sample app for testing Celery (with Flask).

## How to use this sample app

> Open https://judoscale-celery.requestcatcher.com in a browser. The sample app is configured to use this Request Catcher endpoint as a mock for the Judoscale Adapter API. This page will monitor all API requests sent from the adapter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open https://requestinspector.com/p/judoscale-celery in a browser. The sample app is configured to use this Request Catcher endpoint as a mock for the Judoscale Adapter API. This page will monitor all API requests sent from the adapter.
```
